[docs] Describe CSS spec references as optional (#18413)
web-platform-tests/wpt: docs/writing-tests/css-metadata.md

# CSS Metadata

CSS tests support the specification of metadata which may not be present in
other tests. This information is expressed using `<meta>` elements in the test
markup.

## Requirement Flags

CSS tests that match certain criteria must specify the corresponding "flag."
This metadata is **required where applicable**. It is expressed using a meta

> element named `flags`, e.g.

Author: Sounds good to me

<meta name="flags" content="" />
```

### Specification Links

CSS tests which demonstrate behavior from multiple specifications should

> reference the relevant documents. It may also be used for tests which focus on

Author: Sounds good to me

> a single section of one specification because it is more precise than [the

Author: Sounds good to me

test's location in the project directory structure](../test-suite-design). This

> metadata is **optional**. It is expressed using a meta element named `help`,

Author: Sounds good to me. Another problem: it's a "link" element, not a "meta" element.

e.g.

``` html
<link rel="help" href="RELEVANT_SPEC_SECTION" />
```

> The specification link elements provide a way to align the test with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rel="help"` link elements provide a way to align the test with
```

Author: Sounds good to me

* Use the anchors from the specification's Table of Contents
* A test can have multiple specification links
  * Always list the primary section that is being tested as the
    first item in the list of specification links
  * Order the list from the most used/specific to least used/specific
  * There is no need to list common incidental features like the
    color green if it is being used to validate the test unless the
    case is specifically testing the color green
* If the test is part of multiple test suites, link to the relevant
  sections of each spec.

Example 1:

``` html
<link rel="help"
href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/text.html#alignment-prop" />
```

Example 2:

``` html
<link rel="help"
href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/text.html#alignment-prop" />
<link rel="help" href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/visudet.html#q7" />
<link rel="help"
href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/visudet.html#line-height" />
<link rel="help"
href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/colors.html#background-properties" />
```

## Test Assertions

CSS tests whose intent is not clear from the title text and verification
instructions should include a declarative assertion. This metadata is

> **optional**. It is expressed using a meta element named `assert`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**optional**. It is expressed using a meta element with a `name="assert"` attribute, e.g.
```
